= keystroke_dynamics

* FIX (url)

== DESCRIPTION:
Simple keystroke dynamics analyzer/validator written in Ruby-GTK


== FEATURES:

* Analysis holds logic to extract simple biometric information from GTK widgets.
* Validation holds logic to manage user enrollment, validation and cryptographic functions.

== EXAMPLES:
The three included Ruby-GTK examples demonstrate the principle of biometric authentication based on keystroke dynamics. For experimentational purposes, I have created two different examples which establish a metric from a users typing. The first, enroll_scentences.rb, lets you type in 5 pangrams (scentences that hold every letter of the alphabet) to establish your metric. The other, enroll_login.rb, lets you type your login details 10 times. I leave it as an excercise to the user to see which method works best for him or her.
The login.rb example lets you try out your newly created username, password and keystroke metric on a login screen.

== REQUIREMENTS:


Depends on
* GTK
* Ruby GTK bindings
* Ruby OpenSSL bindings

== INSTALL:

* sudo gem install keystroke_dynamics

If you don't have the Ruby GTK or OpenSSL bindings you should install them through your package manager.

On Debian/Ubuntu:
* sudo apt-get install libgtk2-ruby
* sudo apt-get install libopenssl-ruby

== LICENSE:

(The MIT License)

Copyright (c) 2009 Aram Verstegen

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining
a copy of this software and associated documentation files (the
'Software'), to deal in the Software without restriction, including
without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish,
distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to
permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to
the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be
included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED 'AS IS', WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND,
EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT.
IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY
CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT,
TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE
SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.
